fix: fix panic caused by removed_resource.is_none (fix #11955) (#12000)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/fix-resource-id.md

---
'tauri': patch:bug
---

> Fixes #11955: a panic caused by an assert when the resource random id has been used already. The panic would result in this line:
> `panic: assertion failed: removed_resource.is_none()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a panic caused by an assert when the resource random id has been used already.
```
